cInstructions for creating a Mac installer.

To use the Apple Package Manager to create an installer, create a folder named "stage"
at the same level as vpython-core2, for assembling an installer for Python 3 (if you
are assembling an installer for Python 2.7, name the folder "stage2"). 

Place in stage:
	Files that will go to site-packages:
		vis and visual folders (from vpython-core2/site-packages)
		vidle (from vpython-core2/site-packages or site-packages)
		numpy files (folder and file from site-packages)
		FontTools folder and fonttools .egg-info file
		Polygon folder and Polygon .egg-info file
		ttfquery folder and TTFQuery .egg-info file
	
	Files that will go to Applications/VPython:
	VPython/examples folder
	VPython/docs folder
	VPython/VIDLE launcher (unzip from src/mac/PackageMaker/VIDLE_launcher.zip)

Clean out irrelevant files from these folders (e.g. CVS folders, make files).

The VIDLE launcher was created starting from the IDLE launcher found in the
/Applications/Python X.Y folder. Make a copy of this IDLE launcher.
If you right-click (ctrl-click) IDLE, you can gain access to the contents
of what is actually a folder. The Python script Resources/idlemain.py was 
edited with TextEdit to change idlelib.PyShell to vidle.PyShell. 
Doubleclick info.plist to use the plist editor to change IDLE to VIDLE
in "Executable file", "Bundle identifier", and "Bundle name".
Change the name of MacOS/IDLE to MacOS/VIDLE.
You don't need to change IDLE to VIDLE in the icon file names (*.icns).
Finally, change the name of the IDLE launcher to VIDLE.

Ctrl-click the stage folder and choose Get Info.
Expose Sharing & Permissions.
Click the lock and enter your password.
Set "everyone" to have Read & Write access.
At the bottom of the window, click the star menu icon and choose "Apply to enclosed items".
	This is necessary to permit someone to install over an existing installation.

Now go to PackageMaker folder and doubleclick the package manager file.

Choose Project > Install Properties to specify the minimum operating system required.

For the VPython folder component (Examples, Documentation, VIDLE shortcut), click the folder
in the left panel. Highlight the Configuration tab and set the destination to
/Applications/VPython-PyX.Y (e.g. /Applications/VPython-Py2.7). Make sure that in the stage
folder for vidle the file config-main.def the HelpFiles entry also specifies 
/Applications/VPython-PyX.Y.

Next, highlight the Components tab. 
IMPORTANT: Make sure that Allow Relocation for VIDLE.app is NOT checked.
This must be every time you build the installer; the setting is not saved.

Build the installer. 
